c:\users\paige\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\paige\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\Intro.baml
c:\users\paige\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\paige\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\Intro.g.cs
c:\users\paige\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\paige\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\paige\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\paige\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
c:\users\paige\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
c:\users\paige\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\paige\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\paige\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1.g.resources
c:\users\paige\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\paige\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\paige\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\paige\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
c:\users\paige\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
c:\users\paige\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\Menu.baml
c:\users\paige\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\Menu.g.cs
C:\Users\Paige\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\InteractivePrototype\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
C:\Users\Paige\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\InteractivePrototype\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\Paige\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\InteractivePrototype\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
C:\Users\Paige\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\InteractivePrototype\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\Paige\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\InteractivePrototype\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Paige\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\InteractivePrototype\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\Intro.baml
C:\Users\Paige\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\InteractivePrototype\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\Menu.baml
C:\Users\Paige\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\InteractivePrototype\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Paige\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\InteractivePrototype\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\Intro.g.cs
C:\Users\Paige\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\InteractivePrototype\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\Menu.g.cs
C:\Users\Paige\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\InteractivePrototype\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Paige\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\InteractivePrototype\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\Paige\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\InteractivePrototype\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Paige\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\InteractivePrototype\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Paige\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\InteractivePrototype\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Paige\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\InteractivePrototype\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1.g.resources
C:\Users\Paige\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\InteractivePrototype\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Paige\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\InteractivePrototype\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
C:\Users\Paige\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\InteractivePrototype\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
C:\Users\Ashley Hsu\Documents\test\swipenserve\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
C:\Users\Ashley Hsu\Documents\test\swipenserve\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\Jessica\Desktop\swipenserve\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
C:\Users\Jessica\Desktop\swipenserve\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\Jessica\Desktop\swipenserve\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
C:\Users\Jessica\Desktop\swipenserve\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\Jessica\Desktop\swipenserve\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Jessica\Desktop\swipenserve\obj\x86\Debug\Intro.baml
C:\Users\Jessica\Desktop\swipenserve\obj\x86\Debug\Menu.baml
C:\Users\Jessica\Desktop\swipenserve\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Jessica\Desktop\swipenserve\obj\x86\Debug\Intro.g.cs
C:\Users\Jessica\Desktop\swipenserve\obj\x86\Debug\Menu.g.cs
C:\Users\Jessica\Desktop\swipenserve\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Jessica\Desktop\swipenserve\obj\x86\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\Jessica\Desktop\swipenserve\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Jessica\Desktop\swipenserve\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Jessica\Desktop\swipenserve\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Jessica\Desktop\swipenserve\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1.g.resources
C:\Users\Jessica\Desktop\swipenserve\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Jessica\Desktop\swipenserve\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
C:\Users\Jessica\Desktop\swipenserve\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
C:\Users\Jessica\Desktop\swipenserve\bin\Debug\Coding4Fun.Kinect.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\Jessica\Desktop\swipenserve\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Samples.Kinect.WpfViewers.dll
C:\Users\Jessica\Desktop\swipenserve\bin\Debug\WpfApplication3.exe
C:\Users\Jessica\Desktop\swipenserve\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.dll
C:\Users\Jessica\Desktop\swipenserve\bin\Debug\Coding4Fun.Kinect.Wpf.pdb
C:\Users\Jessica\Desktop\swipenserve\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Samples.Kinect.WpfViewers.pdb
C:\Users\Jessica\Desktop\swipenserve\bin\Debug\WpfApplication3.pdb
